Your Highness.
Let me massage you.
Mm.
Your Highness, the consort has already been sent to the cold palace.
Why are you still sighing?
Dragon Consort.
I used to think she was just a scapegoat.
But the Emperor
is turning the whole palace upside down for her.
Even I am being investigated.
This kind of royal favor was never given to Consort Yan before.
Your Highness.
Are you worried that Consort Rong might become the second Consort Yan?
Then it might be better to send her out of the palace while you still can.
Wouldn’t that be perfect?
I also think so.
But the Emperor has just been betrayed by Consort Yang.
If we lose Consort Rong as well,
I’m worried something might go wrong with the Emperor.
This could lead to turmoil in the court.
You should keep a close watch on Consort Rong and the Emperor’s movements.
For this matter,
I cannot make a hasty decision.
I will arrange it right away.
Your Highness, it’s already past midnight.
It’s still snowing outside.
You should rest early. It’s snowing.
The Emperor said he would come early today.
Never mind, it’s fine if he doesn’t come.
If the Empress Dowager is really willing to let me leave the palace,
I shouldn’t be attached to these romantic feelings anymore.
The Emperor still loves you very much.
Biyuan, help me to bed.
Your Highness, something is wrong!